some images have gone viral today
I said that I'm going to put this but I'm
not going to zoom in you see I'm going to zoom in
but I'm telling you that even with the zoom you can't
see anything by zooming in all you see is
a blur But ok come on we're not going
to put it up okay out of respect and all but in
this this is a frame I don't know if the
video is circulating out there Jos is on
Twitter the video It's circulating it's a
video the video that the man recorded This is
a man who is a fan of trains Aha
that on the 1st the next day the
disappearance when he is arriving at
Santa Justa he records he starts recording the
arrival and this is the train where
Alvaro is Oh yes Alvaro d is there Alvaro
when he passes by he doesn't
realize even you can barely see like you
say a skin it's not a skin you can see here
if you know let's see if you know of course here
in this reviewed the video after
everything that happened then they increase and they
realize that he was there since the 13th or in
other words the same day he dies  the 12th, well the
13th was already in the TR. That means
that all those hypotheses about him being
placed after the ume left, eh, they
placed him at dawn, everything is ruled out
because he was there the day after,
not this in the morning, from the day after.
So, therefore, all
those hypotheses that were said are ruled out. It's not that they
put him in. Once they leave, what about the ume
is that when the dogs pass by, they weren't there. He's been
there since the 13th.
Well, the 12th when he dies. Well, on the 13th, which is
the next day that passes, this man
is
there. Yes. Well, really, of course, let's see, the 13th,
of course, the 13th is the next day, of course, he
disappears on the 12th, the 13th, and also he's
with his foot out at 1:55, not
like they found him, there's no change at all. He's
like they found him. Yes, in
addition, realize that he was in
such a way that when the firefighters tried to get him
out, they had to cut the bellows
because he was well boxed in, meaning
the bellows can't be moved. What is the
bellows? It's the rubber that joins the two
wagons Ah a thick rubber like that That rubber
that is the one that from you when you pass from
Wagon to wagon inside is what you
see Of course because you inside you can
pass from Wagon to wagon of course look you and
the train was parked there I mean I a
sweep a sweep over there through the alley
over there to the Lito and you see it a sweep from
Santa Agusta to the end of the
bridges two guys on each side outside and they
would have seen it Yes yes And also it
made sense to search in this area is that Of
course because kid what I wanted to get
in look you that yesterday I was
saying it I Angela doorman I say we are
talking about a case in which
the body has not been hidden or anything like that
the body is where the
accident happened and where it fell you know that not
just as it fell just as it fell in the
train it could have fallen on the ground and they ca
n't find it either I mean we are
saying pass of course we are saying that it
is inside the train and that it is
inside here between between the two wagons but
that if it had fallen here right next to the
train right next to the track in  the floor doesn't
turn on either but look why do
you tell him TR they moved it on Monday
morning don't tell me you couldn't have
told the Ren staff when you were going to go to
your trains to move them or
whatever a vistac to check it out first from the
sides Since I was going to take trains
that have been stopped for so
long there knowing that a person
disappeared who wanted to get on and I
would tell the staff Hey listen
when you go to take a train the trains
you're going to take before you get on it
take a little turn around the train and take
a look at anything man No well
neither in fact the person who takes that
train then gets on and takes the train and
comes and goes there are people who are saying in
the chat he fell or was thrown out stop with the
nonsense and theories because no there is
no story here behind okay
the question Jose what I was telling you
So it's a body that's where it
fell it's don is where it fell where
imagine eh you say they must have passed
by  side of Marta del
Castillo's body, I mean, many times what I'm
telling you, we believe that the
police and the civil H or the
workers, wherever or wherever
a person is lost, we believe that they are being searched for, we
believe that the fact of the seriousness
of the matter, we believe that they are being searched for, that they are being
examined well, that they are not. In fact, look at
the time it took to start
searching, that search that they did, they
did it two days later. I mean, first
they look for witnesses, the cameras, but
Search, search for what it is, Search, they are looking for
you, yes, they are looking for you, it's that
more or less. They would have done the logical thing on
the same day that it was resolved,
right? Let's see if a search is done
until the end. Well, yes, because I was
there the same day I was there, but well,
I can, I can give, I can give the
first day, how can it be given as a
lost day, no, because of the uncertainty,
the doubts, gathering information, seeing if it is
known, more or less, that, well, I buy it, no, the
fact that on the first day, an
adult is not a minor, there can always be
a lot of uncertainty if you go, if you don't arrive
and such, the typical thing, but man, already on the second day, they do
n't even do a search of the areas
inside.  It would be normal to do a
search from inside the station towards the
front because what he wanted was to
get into the station because all he wanted
was to get in the number of people who would pass
by on the trains all day long
pin Pam Pam and I don't know Of course you don't see that
you don't you look for it when you know for a
fact but not you the distance that
the train travels I mean for that you have to
look really hard and you don't think
about that and also that one who is on the train on the
same day the 13th didn't even know that
a kid had disappeared you know what I mean maybe he
passed by there he found out the
three days and yesterday or the day before yesterday when on
Monday When he found out that they've
found him they say oh look look at that where do they
find this what is this if you look
closely That is the train there where the
campaign thing is placed where you are
stuck No if you look closely it's broken at the
top but this is it I mean no no Man
is seeing other trains he is seeing
other trains and they don't have it like that but they
haven't manipulated it here I don't know from the
image before let's see if you can see it let's
see if we can see it  image from
before that well it is not seen it is not seen that
vo I'm going to stop sharing so that to
give it to the one that has the zoom okay
No it is not seen it is not seen it is not seen but come on that is
broken, I mean that that is broken it is not
seen but I doubt that they broke it or I mean broken
that top part is broken it is
well it could have been the same one not when he
steps or when he falls or whatever broken
that part is broken realize that
in addition the between there is left boxed in
that they had to cut it all the
bellows is made of rubber they had to
cut it to be able to get it out or
my goodness eh my goodness man on one
side he had to fall in for what reason I don't
pay me I don't pay me because through the crack just like
that it does not fall from above because it
falls from here with a jerk but imagine what he would do
climbing up there for what what would go
through his head to
climb up there why what do they say there
are footprints on the bellows in that
rubber part of him ascending or in other words
climbing up there he did not climb up there in the
part of The rubber yes the part of  The rubber
says there are Yes yes I've heard I've
read the last thing I read is that there are
ascending traces on the part of The
rubber rising towards the top of the roof and
when it reaches it it touches something and that's it and
what I imagine that break is
where it falls if not where you fall
is that I don't know I don't know and stop because it doesn't
fit
trust you why would he go up man yes yes why would he go up
So as not to surround the train I
mean why would he go up To stay
up to travel with the train to
hide from the guards I know I don't
know no I don't see the point either
getting on it doesn't make much
sense maybe the train had some
sign because we'll see this train later
in the statements that we
have to tell you and this train was going
to Crdoba but not that day yes already maybe it
had some sign that went
to Crdoba and it would say I'm getting in here at
some point I'll arrive no I don't think it
was That's how it was there I think the whole
idea was from there to continue
forward little by little and reach the
station and sneak back in I imagine I
don't see it again  but there you
can get caught by a train it just does
n't make sense if you're
looking for a sense to get on top of the
roof of a train there isn't one there isn't
one it's not the first time that's happened in
some cases where there are kids who have
climbed on top and died I mean it
's not the first but it doesn't make sense I mean
why do you get on
there you scamp and then something else and then something else he
had to touch the cables because
the pantographs are
lowered the pantographs are are lowered
here and they are lowered in the video this
piece that you see up here This black one
that's right above that's what
rises and touches the catenary and
then the train has current If that
is lowered the train has no current
ent has electricity you understand when it's
lowered there's something that a
security guard said a security guard not a head of the train
drivers' union And it is that when
the car the train car the train notices
the flash notices a rise in voltage the
pantographs go down as a
safety measure to protect themselves like when
the differential trips in your house there is no
power surge and the light goes out Well he
says that this also happens to the
pantographs so maybe they were
raised and when they receive the shock is
when it goes down and stays down no If
that's true Renfe must have it in
the train's black box
okay let's listen to some
statements given by the last
witness
who saw lvaro Prieto
alive over here and well if you tell me to
stop him Jos at some point let me know
okay from the station over here and well I
look to the side for a moment and I see
a boy whose face didn't really
match my face So that neighborhood that you
all know is a neighborhood that we
all know so well at that
moment no I couldn't give him
the ID
well have you seen the wall man
had you seen it Yeah salali yesterday they get in through
the m and you reach the track There are a lot of
holes there are more places to get in
my goodness yes the infrastructure
is [ __ ] I mean the
infrastructure near the
station is made it's [ __ ] it's that
and  I don't understand how an
area, as they say, as vulnerable as
stations or,
for example, water treatment plants, is
allowed to be
like this. No, I don't understand,
no, man, how dangerous can that
be? No, man. Of course, we're
talking about the fact that on this occasion
a kid sneaked in and what happened happened,
but it could have been, let's
see, we're on
terrorist alert, for example, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Well, then
I see that in a moment that boy runs
down the path over here, eh. And I see that he
gets between the two walls, of course, let's go, let's
position the spectators. He's coming
from there. He's watching him. He's
pointing at him. My colleague Nacho is coming through
this area. Nacho. I'm going to ask you to
aim to the left. We're seeing
that train at the end. We're seeing
the spectators at the end. That's the train
where lvaro was found dead. This
is the gap through which the train is
still stopped in the same place. It could
be better, no, maybe they took it out to
take some measures or some
investigation or maybe you know, they're
looking at everything, I mean, measures.  distance
this could be or simply that they
are repairing it and it comes in and out it
could also be that the man The
Man saw him go into the wall he saw him
there stuck to the wall and that's what he said that he
saw him stuck to the wall from there
the man told him his day he
said where I saw him for the last time that
small wall two between two murit
we have seen it before in the video around there It is
where you see it Carlos strain I see him sneak in
there then well I thought I
say boy go at least do your
business because a lot of people come in through this place to do
their business and
a secluded place a you know and well what
part is this Jose I don't catch the hole that
the back part d is where
the back part has appeared that there is an
open space but the thing is that if this
man gives the warning and says it Why didn't they
look in there is that on top of that
knowing that they saw him there no Of course that's
what I'm telling you I say
damn why wasn't it looked for why wasn't it
looked for you know that I don't give him anything back
but or rather that this same witness
is the one who says I saw him around 10  in the
morning in the orchard I think it's the same one
if not there was one that I saw around
10 in the morning and This is another one that comes out saying
that he had seen her hiding behind
a wall I had already heard this I
think it was Sunday or Saturday
afternoon night they are telling you they
are telling you where they
saw him And where he went Yes yes yes Lu I see
that he goes in there what happens is that I
well take the dog and I go to
another park and there I lose track of him I
don't know if he stayed in there if he went
to the side if he went towards the tracks But
what wall is it that I don't get it it's that I don't
get the point of the wall man the
back part That is the
bridge this what bridge is it it has to be
the Caret bridge La Carmona there is no
other choice the one of the Because if the
train is the same one that was it has to
be the Carmona bridge And then
This wall that where it was the other day
the police with the dogs that was
cordoned off it can't be because if the
dogs had been around there I imagine that they
would have seen it I say I is  that I don't
know because from this, from this
perspective, I'm lost too, let's look at
Google. Of course, if it is, let's see, I mean,
if the bridge is here, if
the bridge is here,
the only thing that occurs to me is that this is
the esplanade
that was there the other day we couldn't
see it because it was cordoned off because
the police were there, there's a
school behind it in the
orchards, it could be, it could be that one
here, me here. And from there they are
looking. And from there they are looking at
the
bridge, of course, you know, here, so why did
n't they look? Let's go, it's very strong, it's
that strong, what is a big
alert is the security of Renfe,
totally. It's not that they are not looking. Yes, they are not looking. No, no, it's that
I'm
hallucinating,
let's go, I'm losing the place, what you
told me off camera, it would have been
impossible for anyone to see it. Because if we
continue a little bit towards there before, at
the beginning of the program, we saw
the cameras that recorded it. If we continue
a little bit towards there, you have
restaurants, you have a very
narrow road, it has an industrial estate, that's what
surprised me. Dig. Well, yes,
what the  polygon tores
clear this is the esplanade Jos this is
the esplanade clear esplanade that is
behind Exactly he went forward and and
nobody has seen him it surprises me so thinking
a little I say
this boy has stayed in this area
and also There was another neighbor that between you
and
him I share a screen [ __ ] it's that they have not
looked at anything man Look I share a
screen you have it you see Let's see okay if you
look the train is here you see the train
Yeah good And this is the wall over there of
course Kansas City is this one that comes this way
the esc the school escado clear the
esplanade down here is where
the coca-cola was do you remember of course he
threw that way walking under the bridge of
course he went through here stuck to This wall and
entered through the hole that you have here This
is the break that man is pointing to
I'm hallucinating a little
with everything eh with the with the security of
renfe with the non-
search the bridge this this is the
Carmona bridge And here you have the
break that you can see from here no V the fence
here the fence
metal just the one you can see in the video and here is the broken wall passed through here behind and entered and the train was here it wasn't here the train was here like these two Well maybe they were there was one here and his was here on this side it was further
apart there or so That is the entrance the one
that is right in the vacant lot that's okay
m mine a
see perfectly the clothing he was
wearing Yes the next day
an old neighbor tells me that that boy
had crossed paths with me as I told you
before and he identified him perfectly by
the clothes the green shirt he was wearing he
told me that he was wearing a green shirt
light pants and also he saw like
a stain on his pants the little chain he was
wearing yes indeed he told me
that he saw a little chain the agents I
mean he told me that during all
this time there has been a blind here of agents
logically the member of the ume
looking for him have spoken to you
Well he hasn't spoken to me the people
none of you know spoke to the secret one is the one you
told me that you saw yes he spoke to
the companion Secret commented with the
neighbor the Old neighbor who lived here
before because everything basically in nothing
Borja  Moreno
Vale, you saw him arrive around this area. He got
in through there because we saw in the
video earlier that my
colleague Marina did, eh, how there are some gaps
that. Indeed, it's very easy to sneak in. It's
very easy to sneak in there. You
know, my goodness, let's go. The truth is
that I'm freaking out, eh, man, I mean, with the
Renfe security, with the fence, with
everything, eh, looking forward to hearing the
great Borja. Well, he's just coming back from
a flight, he's landed, and he told me
that in about a minute or so he'll be
coming in.